# Anagram Solver



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input Files:** `anagin.txt`, `words.txt`  
**Output File:** `anagout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 1.5 seconds

As the Morality Observational Liaison Employee for your school, you have noticed that lately students have been passing more and more notes around class. It is your task to intercept these notes and ensure that they do not smack of subversive activity. There has been talk in the staff tea room of a student uprising within the school, and the teachers are in the grip of terror. You are on the case.

Recently, you have made a horrifying discovery. You saw two students looking at you and laughing on sports day, and so you quickly and efficiently plucked the following note out of their hands: _"what an awful relay this"_. You ran your fingers through your new perm as you studied the seemingly innocent note, and then it hit you. They were using anagrams! Upon rearranging the last two words, the note read _"what an awful hairstyle"_. You blushed, scrunched up the note and hid behind a tree as you contemplated this shocking new discovery.

There was only one solution. Every note in your possession had to be carefully tested for the use of anagrams. It would take far too long by hand, and you had never been good at English. So you sat down to write a computer program that would look for key words that might have been encrypted within the students' notes.

The program will read in a list of subversive words from the file _words.txt_ and will read in fragments of notes from the file _anagin.txt_. You must test each note fragment to see if it is an anagram of any subversive word.



## Input Format

The list of subversive words (_words.txt_) will consist of a sequence of lines with one word on each line. All words will be at most 30 letters long, will contain no punctuation and will be entirely in lower case. This list will contain at most 650 words and will be terminated by a line containing a single # character. No two subversive words will be the same. 
The input file (_anagin.txt_) will consist of a sequence of lines with one or more words on each line. Words on the same line will be separated by a single space. Each line will be no more than 80 characters long, will contain no punctuation and will be entirely in lower case. This list of lines will also be terminated by a line containing a single # character. There will be at most 200,000 lines.



## Output Format

For each line in the input file, a line of output must be produced containing a list of all subversive words which are anagrams of the entire line from the input file. These words must be separated by a single space, and may be output in any order on the line. If there is no such subversive word, the output line should be "`No anagram found`". Do not produce any output for the final #. 
Note that each anagram found should use only one subversive word, and should use the entire line from the input file.





### Sample Input #1

```text

the

quality

of

mercy

is

not

strained

#

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

cry me

a river

#

```





### Sample Input #2

```text

mercy

No anagram found

```



### Sample Output #2

```text

evil

uprising

vile

hairstyle

revolution

takeover

#

```





### Sample Input #3

```text

what an awful

relay this

live

sports

what an awful relay this

live this relay

#

```



### Sample Output #3

```text

No anagram found

hairstyle

evil vile

No anagram found

No anagram found

No anagram found

```





### Sample Input #4

```text

evil vile uprising

```



### Sample Output #4

```text

vile

```





### Sample Input #5

```text

Page generated:  2 March 2022,  9:18pm AEDT

```



### Sample Output #5

```text



```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._