# Shopping Malls

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `mallsin.txt`  
**Output File:** `mallsout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.1 seconds

You have been hired by a company which needs to place an information booth in a shopping mall. The shopping mall also contains four fake trees to add ambience to a shopper's experience. The company wishes to know how many positions the information booth could be placed in, as part of a feasibility study into hiring a consultant to determine the best position for the booth.

Your job is to write a program to determine the number of positions in which the booth can be placed, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The mall is rectangular, and measures _w_ metres east-west and _h_ metres north-south.
  2. The booth is also rectangular, and the architects have determined that it must face the mall entrance and have its walls parallel to the mall. It measures _x_ metres east-west and _y_ metres north-south.
  3. Due to the cost of custom manufacturing tiles, the booth must be placed an integral number of metres (i.e., 0,1,2,...) from the edge of the mall in both directions, so as to avoid needing to cut any of the metre square tiles used for flooring.
  4. Militant interior decorators have already decided the locations of the one metre by one metre pots containing the trees. Of course, due to the tiling restrictions, these are also an integral number of metres from the edges of the mall.
  5. Note that the booth and the pots are allowed to touch any of the walls of the mall.

## Input Format
The input file will contain five lines of integers, separated by spaces, in the following form: 
_Sorry, image currently unavailable_

  * _w_ is the east-west length of the mall;
  * _h_ is the north-south length of the mall;
  * _x_ is the east-west length of the booth;
  * _y_ is the north-south length of the booth;
  * _a_1_ is the east-west distance in metres from the west side of the first pot to the west edge of the mall;
  * _b_1_ is the north-south distance in metres from the north side of the first pot to the north edge of the mall;
  * Similarly for _a_2_ , _b_2_ , _a_3_ , _b_3_ , _a_4_ , _b_4_ , with _i_ representing the locations of the second, third and fourth pots.



You may assume: 
  * 1 <=  _w_ <= 30,000 and 1 <=  _h_ <= 30,000 (to account for the possibility of American Megamalls);
  * 1 <=  _x_ <=  _w_ and 1 <=  _y_ <=  _h_ ;
  * 0 <=  _a_i_ <  _w_ and 0 <=  _b_i_ <  _h_ , for _i_ = 1,2,3,4;
  * No two pots will occupy the same position.



All measurements are in metres and are illustrated in the figure below (although this diagram shows only one of the four pots). 
_Sorry, image currently unavailable_

## Output Format
The output should consist of a single line containing a single integer, representing the total number of positions in which the booth may be placed.


### Sample Input #1
```text
6 4 1 2
0 1
2 2
4 1
4 2
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
11
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._