# Cartography

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `cartin.txt`  
**Output File:** `cartout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.333 second

You have been contracted by a company which is mapping Pacific islands. They have been taking photographs of the islands from aircraft to produce their maps. The photographs have been converted to grids showing where land is present and where there is water.

You have been called in to help the map makers count the number of islands in their photos. This task is complicated by the fact that some of the islands have lakes and lagoons, which show up as water in the photographs. For example, consider the photograph

in which an `X` denotes land and a `.` denotes water. This photograph contains four islands - they have been designated `A`, `B`, `C`, and `D` in the diagram below:

Note that two land squares in the grid are considered adjacent if they share an edge horizontally or vertically (_not_ diagonally). Two land squares are part of the same island if they can be reached from one another via a sequence of adjacent land squares.

In the event an island contains a lake which contains an island, the two islands are counted as separate islands. For example, the map

contains two islands.

Your task is to read a map as input, and produce as output the number of islands contained in the map.

## Input Format
The input consists of a line containing two positive integers _h w_ , giving the height and width of the map. Each of _h_ and _w_ is less than or equal to 100. Following this are _h_ lines of input, each containing exactly _w_ characters, each character being an `X` (land) or a `.` (water). 
Other than the space separating the integers _h_ and _w_ on the first line of input, there shall be no other space characters in the input file.

## Output Format
The output shall consist of a single integer _n_ on a line giving the number of islands contained in the map.


### Sample Input #1
```text
..X..XX.

.XX..X.X

.X...X.X

.XX..XXX

....X..X

...XXX..

...X.X..

XX.XXX..
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
..A..BB.

.AA..B.B

.A...B.B

.AA..BBB

....C..B

...CCC..

...C.C..

DD.CCC..
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
.XXXXXX.

.X....X.

.X.XX.X.

.X.XX.X.

.X.XX.X.

.X....X.

.XXXXXX.

........
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
3 5

...XX

X.X.X

X.XXX
```


### Sample Input #3
```text
2
```

### Sample Output #3
```text
8 8

..X..XX.

.XX..X.X

.X...X.X

.XX..XXX

....X..X

...XXX..

...X.X..

XX.XXX..
```


### Sample Input #4
```text
4
```

### Sample Output #4
```text

```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._