# Hunt-a-Word

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `huntin.txt`  
**Output File:** `huntout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.333 second

A young friend has become quite interested in Hunt-a-Word puzzles, where one is given a rectangular block of letters, e.g.

and asked to locate a word, such as `DOG`. In this example, `DOG` can be found beginning in row 2, column 4 and heading south-east (down and right).

Your friend is continually asking you for help on these puzzles, and you decide it would be good to write a program to help them and so allow you to concentrate on your school work.

Your task is to write a program which finds each word from a given list of words in a given block of letters. Note that words can occur more than once, in which case your program may find either occurrence. In the example above, the word `SMILE` occurs twice - once at row 1, column 2 and heading east, and once at row 5, column 2, and heading north-east.

Words may lie in any one of eight possible directions,

but must run in a straight line. For example, `SMILE` _cannot_ be found at row 3, column 2 in the example above - it does not run straight in one of the eight possible directions.

## Input Format
The first line shall consist of a pair of positive integers _h w_ , separated by a single space, where _h_ is the height (number of rows) of the block, and _w_ is the width (number of columns) of the block. Each of _h_ and _w_ shall be at most 100. 
Following this is the block of letters. There shall be exactly _h_ lines, each consisting of exactly _w_ characters and a single terminating newline. Each character shall be an upper case letter, from `A` ... `Z` inclusive. 
Following this is a line with a single positive integer _n_ , giving the number of words which need to be found in the grid. The integer _n_ shall be at most 100. 
Following this are _n_ lines, each containing a word to be found on a single line together with a terminating newline. The word shall consist of at most 100 characters, each of which shall be an upper case letter, from `A` ... `Z` inclusive. Every supplied word shall occur at least once in the given block of letters. 
Other than the space separating the integers _h_ and _w_ on the first line of input, there shall be no other space characters in the input file.

## Output Format
You program shall output a sequence of _finds_ , one to a line, where each find gives a location of a supplied word in the given block of letters. The finds shall be in the same order as the supplied words. In the event a word occurs multiple times in the grid, you should output only one location at which it is found (it does not matter which one). 
A find shall consist of a two positive integers _r c_ followed by a direction. The positive integers give the row (_r_) and column (_c_) in which the word starts. Both rows and columns are numbered so that the top left letter in the block is in row 1 and column 1. The direction shall be one of `N`, `NE`, `E`, `SE`, `S`, `SW`, `W`, `NW` in accordance with the compass diagram shown above.


### Sample Input #1
```text
XSMILEA

FHKDLDB

ISMIOQP

XDMFLGE

LSKLYEH
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
NW  N  NE

  \ | /  

   \|/   

W --+-- E

   /|\   

  / | \  

SW  S  SE
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
5 7

XSMILEA

FHKDLDB

ISMIOQP

XDMFLGE

LSKLYEH

1

DOG
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
2 4 SE
```


### Sample Input #3
```text
5 7

XSMILEA

FHKDLDB

ISMIOQP

XDMFLGE

LSKLYEH

3

SMILE

DOG

ADO
```

### Sample Output #3
```text
1 2 E

2 4 SE

1 7 SW
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._