# Keeping Secrets



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `secrtin.txt`  
**Output File:** `secrtout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.333 second

Encryption is the science of scrambling messages in order to hide information from prying eyes. As well as a long history in warfare, encryption is vitally important for commercial interests in a highly networked world. In this problem you will implement a simple, well known cipher (encryption algorithm).

Our cipher uses a keyword, which the parties wishing to communicate agree upon and keep secret. Letters of the keyword are used in order to scramble each letter of the message. If the message is longer than the keyword, as is usually the case, we start again at the beginning of the keyword.

To scramble a single letter of the message, the keyword letter is converted to a number where `A` = 1, `B` = 2, ..., `Z` = 26. The letter of the message is then advanced that number of letters in the alphabet. A letter which is advanced past `Z` returns to `A`.

For example, with the keyword `ABC` and the message `WXYZ`, we proceed as follows:

1. The keyword letter `A` is used to scramble the message letter `W`. Now `A` = 1, so we advance `W` by one letter, obtaining `X`.
  2. The keyword letter `B` is used to scramble the message letter `X`. Now `B` = 2, so we advance `X` by two letters, obtaining `Z`.
  3. The keyword letter `C` is used to scramble the message letter `Y`. Now `C` = 3, so we advance `Y` by three letters, obtaining `B`.
  4. The keyword letter `A` is used to scramble the message letter `Z`. Now `A` = 1, so we advance `Z` by one letter, obtaining `A`.

Hence the final, encrypted message is `XZBA`.



## Input Format

The first line of input shall consist of the keyword. The second line of input shall contain the message to encrypt. 
Each line of input shall consist entirely of upper case alphabetic characters (i.e. `A`...`Z`). Each line of input shall consist of at least 1 and at most 50 characters.



## Output Format

Your program shall output a single line consisting of the encryption of the given message with the given keyword.





### Sample Input #1

```text

ETHAN

THISISNOTMISSIONDIFFICULTMRHUNT

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

YBQTWXHWUANMAJCSXQGTNWCMHRLPVBY

```





### Sample Input #2

```text

JAMES

THENAMEISBONDJAMESBOND

```



### Sample Output #2

```text

DIRSTWFVXUYOQOTWFFGHXE

```





### Sample Input #3

```text

Page generated:  2 March 2022,  9:18pm AEDT

```



### Sample Output #3

```text



```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._