# Academic Espionage

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `acadin.txt`  
**Output File:** `acadout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.333 second

The Department of Magicians at Miskatonic University has been doing well of late. The students are happy working long hours and are doing remarkably well on their exams. The Department of Computer Science has always been a bit nervous about the magicians, and suspects they are up to no good - casting spells to improve their students' study habits. Of course, such spells can only be cast at midnight on Sundays.

The computer scientists daren't go into the building - all manner of spooky things are rumoured about the dark halls of Crowley Memorial Building where the magicians do their work. However, they can watch the entrance to the building from a safe distance using binoculars, and hence observe magicians entering and leaving the building. They know the building is empty each Monday morning at 9am, as all the magicians attend a university council meeting in another building.

As a student in the Computer Science department, your help has been enlisted to find out how many magicians remain in the building in the dead of Sunday night. Your spies on the rooftop let you know each time a magician enters the building and each time a magician leaves the building. You need to write a program to calculate the number of magicians remaining in the building at the end of the week.

You know that the building is initially empty, and that you observe every entry and exit from the building - the magicians can't teleport in or out, or clone each other.

## Input Format
The input shall consist of sequence of lines. Each line shall consist of a single lower case character. The character shall be one of 
  * `i`: indicating a magician has gone in to the building.
  * `o`: indicating a magician has come out of the building.
  * `x`: indicating the end of the week (and hence the input).


`x`

## Output Format
Your program shall output a single integer giving the number of magicians remaining in the building at the end of the week.


### Sample Input #1
```text
i

o

i

i

o

i

o

o

x
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
0
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
i

o

i

i

o

i

i

o

x
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
2
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._