# Analysing Bach

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `bachin.txt`  
**Output File:** `bachout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 1.667 seconds

Back in the era when musicians did not have the opportunity to grace CD covers with pictures of themselves, the composer Bach developed a habit of embedding the letters of his name in his music. At that time, the letters B, A, C and H were all notes of the musical scale, and a number of his pieces contained these four notes consecutively. Thus he left his mark on history.

You have some friends who compose as a hobby, and it has suddenly struck you to see if they have also embedded their names in some of their masterpieces.

For simplicity, we will have ten notes in our musical scale, represented by the digits 0,1,...,9. You cannot go any higher or lower, since your friends are writing for beginner saxophonists. Each musical piece can thus be represented as a sequence of digits.

We will also represent the composer's name as a sequence of digits. Your task is to find the composer's name embedded in the piece.

Take for example the following musical delight:

Say the composer's name translates to `67654`. Then we can see the composer's name beginning at the third character.

Bach also often transposed his name up or down. This corresponds to adding or subtracting some constant amount from each digit in the composer's name. We see the digits `45432` starting at the seventh digit, which corresponds to the composer's name transposed down by two.

Bach even inverted his name from time to time. This corresponds to replacing each digit _d_ with the corresponding digit 9-_d_. So in our example the composer's name inverted is `32345`, which appears beginning at the tenth digit. Finally, the composer may even be as bold as to invert _and_ transpose, such as our composer has done beginning at the fourteenth digit where we see `54567`.

## Input Format
The first line of the input shall consist of a single string of digits representing the composer's name, whose length will be between 1 and 50 digits inclusive. 
The remainder of the input file will contain a musical piece, possibly split over a number of lines for convenience. Each line will be a sequence of between 1 and 50 digits, and there will be at most 600 such lines. Together these lines form the musical piece, and occurrences of the composer's name may run across line breaks. 
The musical piece will be terminated by a line containing the single character `#`.

## Output Format
Your program must output each occurrence of the composer's name, in the order in which they appear in the piece. 
If the occurrence is exact or simply transposed, you must output a line containing the integer _i_ , where the occurrence begins at the _i_ th note. If the output is inverted or inverted and transposed, you must output a line containing _i_ followed by a single space and the word "`inverted`". 
You are guaranteed that any given occurrence will not be both uninverted and inverted. 
If no occurrences are found, your program must output the single line "`No occurrences.`".


### Sample Input #1
```text
67654

14676545

43234545679

905

#
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
3

7

10 inverted

14 inverted
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
636

14676545

43234545679

905

#
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
No occurrences.
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._