# Bureaucratic Bungling



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `bungin.txt`  
**Output File:** `bungout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.3 seconds

Once more it's enrolment time at the university. With great caution you fill out your enrolment form (labelled 21-B), double check it and then stride confidently into the administration building.

"Form 21-B?" asks the administrator smiling sweetly. "Why I'm sorry dear, you can't enrol without form 47-H. But since you have form 21-B, I can give you form 11-A. Here you are. Next please!"

With a sigh you stroll up to the Registrar's Office. They take a glance at your 11-A and explain sadly that it's not enough to give you form 47-H but it's enough for them to give you form 6-F. Shoulders slumped and 6-F in hand, you head across to the mathematics office. It's going to be a long day.

Your task in this problem is to negotiate your way through this bureaucratic paper maze. There are _N_ different types of form at the university which we will label 1,2,3,...,_N_ for simplicity. There are _A_ different administrators whom we will label 1,2,3,...,_A_ , each of whom carries out a particular task. Each task involves checking that the student (yourself) is carrying a particular set of forms, and if so then giving the student a new set of forms.

You are told which form(s) you begin with and which form you are aiming to collect. You must write a program that finds the smallest number of administrators that you must visit in order to collect this final form.

Note that an administrator will never take forms away from you; you simply collect more and more forms until your goal is achieved. You may assume that it is always possible to achieve your goal.



## Input Format

The first line of input will contain the single integer _N_ (1 <=  _N_ <= 10) representing the number of different types of form. 
The second line of input will contain a list of the forms that you begin with (represented as integers between 1 and _N_ inclusive) followed by the integer 0. These integers will all be separated by spaces. No form will appear more than once in this list. 
The third line will contain the single integer representing the final form that you are aiming to collect. 
The fourth line will contain the single integer _A_ (1 <=  _A_ <= 60,000) representing the number of administrators. 
The following _A_ lines will describe administrators 1,2,3,...,_A_ (one line per administrator). Each such line begins with the list of the forms that the administrator requires, followed by a 0, then the list of the additional forms that they will give you, followed by another 0. These integers will all be separated by spaces and no form will appear more than once on each line.



## Output Format

Output should consist of the list of administrators that you visit (represented as integers between 1 and _A_ inclusive), one administrator per line. Administrators should be listed in the order in which you visit them.





### Sample Input #1

```text

5

1 3 0

2

4

1 5 0 4 0

1 0 3 5 0

3 4 0 2 0

1 3 0 4 5 0

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

4

3

```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._