# Bugs



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `bugsin.txt`  
**Output File:** `bugsout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 1 second

You do not like bugs. This is unfortunate, since your town has been taken over by a plague of small insects. Thankfully these insects only come out every seven years — they appear all over town, make very loud noises for a few months, lay their eggs and then disappear, until a new generation of insects emerges from the eggs seven years later and the cycle starts over again.

It is well known that the insects only emerge during years that are exact multiples of seven. For instance, they appeared in the years 1995 and 2002 (since 1995 = 7 x 285 and 2002 = 7 x 286). You do a quick calculation and deduce that they will reappear in the year 2009. Flipping your calendar several years forward, you start making your plans for a very long holiday.

You must write a program to help you and your townsfolk plan ahead for the appearance of these insects in years to come. Your program must read in a year and output the first year after that in which the insects will emerge.



## Input Format

The input will consist of a single line containing a single integer. This integer will represent a year, and will be between 1 and 10,000 inclusive.



## Output Format

Your output should consist of a single line containing a single integer. This integer must be the first year _after_ the input year in which the insects will reappear.





### Sample Input #1

```text

2004

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

2009

```





### Sample Input #2

```text

1991

```



### Sample Output #2

```text

1995

```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._