# Zig-Zag Cipher

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `zigin.txt`  
**Output File:** `zigout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.2 second

The latest development in cryptography, certain to be adopted by the military, governments and anyone else who is paranoid, is the zig-zag cipher.

To encrypt a message using the zig-zag cipher, the letters of the message are written on the page in a zig-zag pattern. This is illustrated below for the message "`CARTOGRAPHY`".

The letters are then read one row at a time, from the top row down to the bottom. In the diagram above, the first row spells "`COP`", the second spells "`ATGAH`" and the third spells "`RRY`". Finally these are combined to obtain the final encrypted message, which is "`COPATGAHRRY`".

The zig-zag cipher can be extended to use as many rows as you like. For instance, using a zig-zag cipher with six rows, the message "`CHARLIETHEWONDERBUDGIE`" is encrypted to become "`CWIHEOGEAHNDRTDULEEBIR`" as seen in the following diagram.

Your task is to write a program that can _decrypt_ messages written in the zig-zag cipher. Your program must read the number of rows used in the cipher as well as an encrypted message, and must output the original (decrypted) message.

## Input Format
The first line of input will consist of a single integer _r_ , the number of rows used in the zig-zag cipher (2 <=  _r_ <= 100). 
Following this will be the encrypted message. The encrypted message will consist entirely of upper-case letters, with no spaces or punctuation. This message may be split across several lines in the input file; each line will contain between 1 and 70 letters inclusive. The entire encrypted message will be between 1 and 10,000 letters long. 
Following the encrypted message will be a final line containing a single hash (`#`).

## Output Format
Your output should consist of a single line containing the entire decrypted message (note that this line might be very long). The output line should contain no spaces or punctuation.


### Sample Input #1
```text
C       O       P

      A   T   G   A   H

        R       R       Y
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
C                   W                   I

      H               E   O               G   E

        A           H       N           D

          R       T           D       U

            L   E               E   B

              I                   R
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
3

COPATGAHRRY

#
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
CARTOGRAPHY
```


### Sample Input #3
```text
6

CWIHEOGE

AHNDRTDU

LEEBIR

#
```

### Sample Output #3
```text
CHARLIETHEWONDERBUDGIE
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._