# Cartography III



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `cartin.txt`  
**Output File:** `cartout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.125 seconds

Once again you are a surveyor in the Pacific, ready to report to the Queen of Australia with facts and statistics about her offshore colonies. Last night whilst playing bridge with the Earl of Wessex she bet a castle over the size of the British Empire, and they all look to you for an answer. Your task is to discover just how much land the Queen actually owns.

In the old-fashioned way you board your surveying ship and sail around the coast of each island, marking the locations of the beaches. Back in your office you examine the various coastlines and set yourself the task of working out the area of each island.



## Input Format

Each input file will contain a single island, represented on a rectangular map of size _w_ by  _h_ (1 <=  _w_ ,_h_ <= 100). The first line of input will be of the form _w h_. Following this will be _h_ lines, each _w_ characters long, representing a map. 
The map will be composed entirely of periods (`.`) and hashes (`#`). Every square of ocean will be marked with a period. Every square of island that is _inland_ (does not touch the ocean on an edge or a corner) will also be marked with a period. Every square of island that contains beach (touches the ocean on either an edge or a corner) will be marked `#`. 
You are guaranteed that there is at least one `#` on the map, that there is only one island and that this island contains no lakes (inland beaches). You may assume that the world is flat.



## Output Format

The output must be a single line containing the area (in squares) of the entire island. This area is the number of beach squares plus the number of inland squares.





### Sample Input #1

```text

7 6

.......

..###..

.##.##.

..#..#.

..####.

.......

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

16

```





### Sample Input #2

```text

Page generated:  2 March 2022,  9:18pm AEDT

```



### Sample Output #2

```text



```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._