# Flowers

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `flowin.txt`  
**Output File:** `flowout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.2 second

You run a florist in central Oklahoma where the land is bare and nothing grows. In an effort to boost your sagging sales, you decide to experiment with different types of fertiliser.

You take a square patch of land and divide it into four quarters. The quarters are numbered from 1 to 4 as shown below. In each quarter you use a different type of fertiliser, and throughout the spring you record where the flowers grow.

At the end of spring you have a long list of coordinates, each pair of coordinates representing a flower that appeared. Your task is to determine which fertiliser produced the most flowers.

## Input Format
The first line of the input file will contain the single integer _N_ representing the size of each quadrant (1 <=  _N_ <= 1,000). The second line will contain the single integer _M_ representing the total number of flowers whose coordinates you recorded (1 <=  _M_ <= 100,000). 
Following this will be _M_ lines, each representing a single flower. Each of these lines will be of the form _x y_ , where _x_ and _y_ are the integer x- and y-coordinates at which the flower grew (1 <=  _x_ ,_y_ <= 2 _N_). 
The diagram below shows how the coordinates are located on the patch of land. Quarters 1 and 3 have _x_ coordinates from 1 to _N_ inclusive; quarters 2 and 4 have _x_ coordinates from _N_ +1 to 2 _N_ inclusive. Quarters 1 and 2 have _y_ coordinates from 1 to _N_ inclusive; quarters 3 and 4 have _y_ coordinates from _N_ +1 to 2 _N_ inclusive. 
_Sorry, image unavailable_
Note that over the course of spring, many different flowers might appear at the same location.

## Output Format
The output must be a single line of the form _q f_ , where _q_ is the quarter that produced the most flowers and _f_ is the number of flowers that this quarter produced. You may assume that there is always a single quarter with the most flowers.


### Sample Input #1
```text
3

7

2 2

6 2

2 5

2 3

6 5

1 3

5 6
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
1 3
```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._