# Cartography II



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `cartin.txt`  
**Output File:** `cartout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.25 second

You are responsible for governing a small chain of Pacific islands. Due to a recent economic slump you have lost the refugee processing that was your primary source of income. In search for new prosperity, it is decided that you should expand your tourism industry.

Excited by the prospect of becoming a much beloved tourist resort, you set out to discover just how long your beaches actually are. Fortunately your islands are entirely surrounded by beaches, so your task is simply to calculate the perimeter of each island.



## Input Format

Each input file will contain a single island, represented on a rectangular map of size _w_ by  _h_ (1 <=  _w_ ,_h_ <= 100). The first line of input will be of the form _w h_. Following this will be _h_ lines, each _w_ characters long, representing a map. 
The map will be composed entirely of periods (`.`) and hashes (`#`), with periods representing ocean and hashes representing land. 
Squares of land (hashes) are considered _adjacent_ if they meet along an edge. It is possible to travel from any point on your island to any other by only moving through adjacent squares of land. Thus, of the following two maps, the first represents a single island and the second represents two different islands. 

    ......           ......
    
    .##...           .##...
    
    .##...           .##...
    
    ..###.           ...##.
    
    ...##.           ...##.
    
    ......           ......
    
    
You are guaranteed that the map contains precisely one island and that this island has no inland lakes. Inland lakes are patches of water completely surrounded by land. Of the following two maps, only the first has an inland lake. In the second map the water in the centre is simply an extension of the sea, since the two squares of land in the top right hand corner are not adjacent and so the ocean flows through the gap between them. 

    ......           ......
    
    .####.           .###..
    
    .##.#.           .##.#.
    
    .##.#.           .##.#.
    
    .####.           .####.
    
    ......           ......



## Output Format

The output must be a single line representing the perimeter of the island. The perimeter is measured _around_ the squares of land as illustrated below; thus the following islands have perimeters 4 and 10 respectively.





### Sample Input #1

```text

......           ......

.##...           .##...

.##...           .##...

..###.           ...##.

...##.           ...##.

......           ......

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

......           ......

.####.           .###..

.##.#.           .##.#.

.##.#.           .##.#.

.####.           .####.

......           ......

```





### Sample Input #2

```text

5 4

.....

.###.

.##..

.....

```



### Sample Output #2

```text

10

```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._