# Halloween



**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>

**Memory Limit**: ?<br>



**Input File:** `hallin.txt`  
**Output File:** `hallout.txt`  
**Time Limit:** 0.333 second

October 31 is approaching. As Director of Operations for trick-or-treating in your suburb, it is your job to determine precisely which children should visit which houses dressed in scary costumes demanding free food.

Intelligence from your market research team indicates that adults in your neighbourhood tend to behave as follows. When the first child knocks on the door, (s)he gives them one lolly. When the second child knocks on the door, (s)he gives them two lollies. The third child is given three lollies and so on, giving more lollies to each successive child in the hope that the lollies will run out faster so (s)he can bolt the door and go to bed.

Your surveillance team has reported precisely how many lollies each adult has purchased over the last week. Your task is to determine how many children to send to each house.



## Input Format

Each input file will contain a single integer _n_ representing the number of lollies a particular adult has. You are guaranteed that 0 <=  _n_ <= 10,000.



## Output Format

The output file must contain a single line representing the first dissatisfied child (the child who doesn't receive as many lollies as they expect).





### Sample Input #1

```text

12

```



### Sample Output #1

```text

5

```







<br><br>



_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._



_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._