# Nine Clocks

**Time Limit**: 1.0s<br>
**Memory Limit**: ?<br>

**Input File:** `clocks.in`  
**Output File:** `clocks.out`  
**Time Limit:** 0.5 seconds

There are nine clocks in a 3-by-3 array as shown in the diagram below.

The goal is to return all the dials to 12 o'clock with as few moves as possible. There are nine different allowed ways to turn the dials on the clocks. Each such way is called a _move_ , and these moves are numbered 1,2,...,9.

Each move involves selecting a subset of clocks and turning the dials 90 degrees clockwise on each of those clocks. The clocks affected by each move are listed in the table below.

## Input Format
The input file will contain three lines of three numbers each, representing the starting positions of the dials. Each number will be 0, 1, 2 or 3, representing 12 o'clock, 3 o'clock, 6 o'clock or 9 o'clock respectively. The three numbers on each line will be separated by spaces.

## Output Format
The output should consist of a shortest sequence of moves that returns all the dials to 12 o'clock. These moves should be output on a single line, with each move represented by an integer from 1 to 9 as explained above. The moves should be separated by spaces in the output file. If there are many possible solutions, you should output only one (any one will do).


### Sample Input #1
```text
|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
|       |    |       |    |   |   |
|---O   |    |---O   |    |   O   |
|       |    |       |    |       |
|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
    A            B            C

|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
|       |    |       |    |       |
|   O   |    |   O   |    |   O   |
|   |   |    |   |   |    |   |   |
|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
    D            E            F

|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
|       |    |       |    |       |
|   O   |    |   O---|    |   O   |
|   |   |    |       |    |   |   |
|-------|    |-------|    |-------|
    G            H            I
```

### Sample Output #1
```text
Move   Affected clocks

 1         ABDE
 2         ABC
 3         BCEF
 4         ADG
 5         BDEFH
 6         CFI
 7         DEGH
 8         GHI
 9         EFHI
```


### Sample Input #2
```text
3 3 0
2 2 2 
2 1 2
```

### Sample Output #2
```text
5 8 4 9
```


### Sample Input #3
```text
3 3 0         3 0 0         3 0 0          0 0 0         0 0 0
2 2 2   5->   3 3 3   8->   3 3 3   4 ->   0 3 3   9->   0 0 0 
2 1 2         2 2 2         3 3 3          0 3 3         0 0 0
```

### Sample Output #3
```text

```



<br><br>

_Please note that this is an unnofficial document generated by aperson31415, who is in no way affiliated with the AMT. If someone from the AMT is unhappy with this, please contact aperson31415 on github. Some features of this problem might be missing, such as explanations to the sample inputs, or subtasks._

_This document should not be redistributed for payment, and please give attribution to the AMT for this problem (honestly, just look at what they say), and where it appeared (find out on aperson31415's 'informatics' repository). However, feel free to use this for personal study._